what's up guys it's Admiral and I'm
crazy here doing another minecraft video
uh yeah i'll be showing you how to
reconfigure your keys in the newest
updates for when it comes out and it
will be a hell of a lot easier to play
so i've been looking at it being testing
some stuff what I'm going to do you go
there you go controls for sprint okay
you're going to want to put left shift
for sprint ok I'll Snow White and that
means you have to make your snake left
control alright so as you can see that's
just me sprinting normally there with
double tapping w but if I hold shift
down now I don't have to double tap w
let me get it right like so it works out
a lot better and left shift is a lot
easier to press down than the default
which would be left control because I
can leave my little finger on left shift
as I'm WASD around which is why it'll be
easier and then if I want to sneak I'll
have to move over to left control so
hopefully you guys can see that left
shift would be easier for sprinting
since it's just a passive key you don't
have to strain your finger to grab it
the other things i will be doing is in
controls also it's the hotbar slots
alrighty oh damn it I shift that's fine
alright so i can reach with a standard
keyboard all the way up to six pretty
damn easy and four seven eight nine it's
a bit of a stretch to get there on my
keyboard so 47 I will do something crazy
like ah 48 I will do f + 49 I will do c
and the way it's done is like if you can
see at the bottom where I'm highlighting
one is easy two three four five six and
then seven eight nine are too far on the
keyboard for me to be able to do it
comfortably on my keyboard so I will
just be able to hit our which is that
one F and C which means I don't have to
reach across my whole cable
Lord to grab those hot keys that will
make it a lot easier for people with
smaller hands to do all right so I
managed to accidentally fuck around with
some things in my settings and I can't
get it back to normal but whatever um
it's really trippy and weird but yeah I
hopefully this helps you hot key in all
minecraft servers in the future just
remember to rebind your keys to what
I've had them on controls rebind these
ones here rebind shift tool sprint to
left shift it's a lot easier toggle
perspective these are easy these don't
matter at all strafe strafe open chat
that's all as your preference I
recommend people keeping it on eb cuz
that is how do i freaking get it back to
normal is that normal i can't even tell
anymore um yeah so basically do as I say
or have suggested here and hopefully
you're hooking will be easier thanks for
watching guys